2114/hello world readme (#2135)
exercism/java: exercises/practice/hello-world/.docs/instructions.append.md

# Solving "Hello, World!"

Before proceeding any further, make sure you have completed the required setup
steps described by the link below:

> * [Installing Java and Gradle](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/java/installation);

Reviewer: This link is only needed if solving locally, but currently the description gives the idea that you **must** do this. we can make this distinction about local vs online editor here. We can say something along the lines "you can use our online editor to solve your solution and run the tests, but if you want to solve and run the tests locally, check these links". 

A link to [working locally](https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally) also can be useful here.

# Solving "Hello, World!"

You can use our online editor to solve your solution and run the tests, but 
if you want to solve the problem and run tests locally check these links below:

* [Installing Java and Gradle](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/java/installation);
* [Working Locally](https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally);
* [Testing locally on the java track](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/java/tests);

## Step 1: Replace the `UnsupportedOperationException`

> In the online editor, you should find an exception on line 4:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either working locally or using the online editor, you should find an exception on line 4:
```

in this situation is designed to remind us of exactly this fact. It effectively
says: "Your Code Goes Here!".

Delete the contents of line 4 and replace it with:

```java
    public String getGreeting() {
        return "Hello, World!";
    }
```

> ## Step 2: Run the tests within the online editor

Reviewer: This step should just be "run the tests" and state again that tests can be ran locally or using the online editor. It's fine to keep the descriptions brief, and feel free to show the link for testing locally again here.

After making corrections and implementing your solution, ensure to run the program by selecting the "Run Tests"

button on the online editor. If the tests fails, that's ok! Simply refactor your code and test again.

Success! Our solution passes the test cases . We're good to go!

> # Submitting your first iteration

Reviewer: Maybe this can be step 3 of the previous instructions now? And as with the other ones, we can say that the online editor can be used for this, but you can also use the exercism cli. A link to [working locally](https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally) can be useful here.

Also note that this document has a "table of contents" at the top, that with this change must also be changed.

in this situation is designed to remind us of exactly this fact. It effectively
says: "Your Code Goes Here!".

Delete the contents of line 4 and replace it with:

```java
    public String getGreeting() {
        return "Hello, World!";
    }
```

## Step 2: Run the Tests

> Once again, you can run the tests that are located locally within the editor.
> After making corrections and implementing your solution, ensure to run the program by selecting the "Run Tests"
> button on the online editor. If the tests fails, that's ok! Simply refactor your code and test again.
> Success! Our solution passes the test cases. We're good to go!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After making corrections and implementing your solution, run the tests again.
You can run the tests using the online editor or locally on your machine:

- To run the tests in the online editor, click the "Run Tests" button.
- To run the tests locally, check [Testing on the Java track](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/java/tests)

If the tests fails, that's ok! See what the error message is telling you, change your code and test again.

When your tests pass, move on to the next step.
```

# Step 3: Submitting your first iteration

With a working solution that we've reviewed, we're ready to submit it to

> exercism.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exercism.org.
You can submit the solution using the online editor or locally using the [Exercism CLI](https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally):

- To submit the exercise locally, first [install the exercism CLI](https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally) if you haven't already  and then submit the files of your solution, e.g:
```

```
$ exercism submit src/main/java/Greeter.java
```

> For a closer look at submitting a solution locally:
> 
> * [Submitting locally](https://exercism.org/docs/using/solving-exercises/working-locally);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use the online editor to submit your solution, just click the "Submit" button!
```

Author: @andrerfcsantos changes were made and pushed.

in this situation is designed to remind us of exactly this fact. It effectively
says: "Your Code Goes Here!".

Delete the contents of line 4 and replace it with:

```java
    public String getGreeting() {
        return "Hello, World!";
    }
```

## Step 2: Run the Tests

> Once again, tests can be 

Reviewer: Seems to be something missing here.

Author: Added what was meant to be there initially.

After making corrections and implementing your solution, ensure to run the program by selecting the "Run Tests"

> button on the online editor. If the tests fails, that's ok! Simply refactor your code and test again.

Reviewer: Lines 80-82 should have no blank lines in the middle. You can put this into the same line, or alternatively put each sentence in a new line, but without blank lines in the middle.

Author: Removed the new lines in between 80-82. It's one small paragraph.

Success! Our solution passes the test cases . We're good to go!

# Step 3: Submitting your first iteration

With a working solution that we've reviewed, we're ready to submit it to

> exercism.io.

Author: So it should be .org or .io?

> exercism.io.

Author: Made the change to .org
